It's very important to document your REST APIs.
There could be other developers that need to use
your APIs to help speed up their development process,
or you may have customers that want to use the data from your APIs.
Documentation is a good way to communicate to others how they can use your APIs.
Documentation communicates things like,
what are the operations?
For example, retrieving a list of locations.
What's the format for requesting data,
and what format is that data returned in?
Typically, the initial creation of documentation is easy,
but the ongoing maintenance of keeping that documentation up to date as hard.
Imagine having to manually update documentation every time your code changes.
Maybe something like the signature on a method
changes because you add additional parameters,
or you add new features that results in new classes,
or you deprecate or remove features.
It's good to use tools that can automatically
inspect your code and update the documentation for you.